KAISER is a countermeasure against side channel attacks against
kernel virtual memory.  It leaves alone the page tables that
exist for each process and refers to them as the "kernel page
tables".  But, it adds a second set of "shadow" (aka. user) page
tables which are active when running userspace.

Whenever we enter the kernel (syscalls, interrupts, exceptions),
the page tables are switched to the "kernel" copy, but when the
system switches back to user mode, the user/shadow copy is used.

The minimalistic kernel portion of the user page tables try to
map only what is needed to enter/exit the kernel such as the
entry/exit functions themselves and the interrupt descriptor
table (IDT).

This helps ensure that side-channel attacks that leverage the
paging structures do not function when KAISER is enabled.  It
can be enabled by setting CONFIG_KAISER=y

Protection against side-channel attacks is important.  But,
this protection comes at a cost:

1. Increased Memory Use
  a. Statically-allocated structures must be padded out to 4k
     (or 8k for PGDs) so they can be mapped into the user page
     tables.
  b. Each task now needs an order-1 PGD instead of order-0
  c. The shadow page tables eventually grow to map all of used
     vmalloc() space.  They can have roughly the same memory
     consumption as the vmalloc() page tables.

2. Runtime Cost
  a. CR3 manipulation to switch between the page table copies
     must be done at interrupt, syscall, and exception entry
     and exit (it can be skipped when the kernel is interrupted,
     though.)  Moves to CR3 are on the order of a hundred
     cycles, and we need one at entry and another at exit.
  b. Task stacks must be mapped/unmapped.  We need to walk
     and modify the shadow page tables at fork() and exit().
  c. Global pages are disabled.  This feature of the MMU
     allows different processes to share TLB entries mapping
     the kernel.  Losing the feature means potentially more
     TLB misses after a context switch.
  d. Process Context IDentifiers (PCID) is a CPU feature that
     allows us to skip flushing the entire TLB when we switch
     the page tables.  This makes switching the page tables
     (at context switch, or kernel entry/exit) cheaper.  But,
     on systems with PCID support, the context switch code
     must flush both the user and kernel entries out of the
     TLB, with an INVPCID in addition to the CR3 write.  This
     INVPCID is generally slower than a CR3 write, but still
     on the order of a hundred cycles.
  e. The shadow page tables must be populated for each new
     process.  Even without KAISER, since we share all of the
     kernel mappings in all processes, we can do all this
     population for kernel addresses at the top level of the
     page tables (the PGD level).  But, with KAISER, we now
     have *two* kernel mappings: one in the kernel page tables
     that maps everything and one in the user/shadow page
     tables mapping the "minimal" kernel.  At fork(), we
     copy the portion of the shadow PGD that maps the minimal
     kernel structures in addition to the normal kernel one.
  f. In addition to the fork()-time copying, we must also
     update the shadow PGD any time a set_pgd() is done on a
     PGD used to map userspace.  This ensures that the kernel
     and user/shadow copies always map the same userspace
     memory.
  g. On systems without PCID support, each CR3 write flushes
     the entire TLB.  That means that each syscall, interrupt
     or exception flushes the TLB.

Future work:
1. We can be more careful about not actually writing to CR3
   unless we actually switch it.
2. Try to have dedicated entry/exist kernel stacks so we do
   not have to map/unmap the task/thread stacks.
3. Compress the user/shadow-mapped data to be mapped together
   underneath a single PGD entry.
4. Re-enable global pages, but use them for mappings in the
   user/shadow page tables.  This would allow the kernel to
   take advantage of TLB entries that were established from
   the user page tables.  This might speed up the entry/exit
   code or userspace since it will not have to reload all of
   its TLB entries.  However, its upside is limited by PCID
   being used.
